[MRG] Update contributing guidelines and issue templates (#655)
jupyter/repo2docker: docs/source/contributing/contributing.md

There are many ways to contribute to repo2docker:

* **Update the documentation.**
  If you're reading a page or docstring and it doesn't make sense (or doesn't exist!), please let us know by opening a bug report.
  It's even more amazing if you can give us a suggested change.
* **Fix bugs or add requested features.**
  Have a look through the [issue tracker](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/issues) and see if there are any tagged as ["help wanted"](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22).
  As the label suggests, we'd love your help!
* **Report a bug.**
  If repo2docker isn't doing what you thought it would do then open a [bug report](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/issues/new?template=bug_report.md).
  That issue template will ask you a few questions described in more detail below.
* **Suggest a new feature.**
  We know that there are lots of ways to extend repo2docker!
  If you're interested in adding a feature then please open a [feature request](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/issues/new?template=feature_request.md).
  That issue template will ask you a few questions described in detail below.

> * **Tell people about repo2docker.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Review someone's Pull Request.**
  Whenever somebody proposes changes to the repo2docker codebase, the community reviews
  the changes, and provides feedback, edits, and suggestions. Check out the
  [open pull requests](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc)
  and provide feedback that helps improve the PR and get it merged. Please keep your
  feedback positive and constructive!
```

A last second thought - what do you think about this?

Author: Yeah! Good call!!

What are your formatting guides for markdown files? I like one sentence per line (which is what I’ve done for the other sentences I think) but I can change that if you’d like?

Reviewer: I don't think we have strict guidelines for it, I usually just try to add linebreaks in a way that's visually-appealing assuming there's no wrapping going on

  As we said above, repo2docker is built by and for its community.
  If you know anyone who would like to use repo2docker, please tell them about the project!
  You could give a talk about it, or run a demonstration.
  The sky is the limit :rocket::star2:.

If you're not sure where to get started, then please come and say hello in our [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/jupyterhub/binder), or open an discussion thread at the [Jupyter discourse forum](https://discourse.jupyter.org/).

> ## Process for making a contribution

Reviewer: Just a note for future's sake - we've got some content overlap with this (https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributor/content-contributor.html) and this (https://jupyterhub-team-compass.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html) section of the broader docs. It would be great to find ways to stramline the content between them and make more connections (not in this PR though!)

    Feature requests are a great opportunity for you to advocate for the use case you're suggesting.
    They help others understand how much effort it would be to integrate the work,and - if you're successful at convincing them that this effort is worth it - make it more likely that they to choose to work on it with you.

2. Open an issue.
  Getting consensus with the community is a great way to save time later.
3. Make edits in [your fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo) of the [repo2docker repository](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker).
4. Make a [pull request](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests).
Read the [next section](#guidelines-to-getting-a-pull-request-merged) for guidelines for both reviewers and contributors on merging a PR.
5. Edit [the changelog](./../../changelog) by appending your feature / bug fix to the development version.
6. Wait for a community member to merge your changes.
7. (optional) Deploy a new version of repo2docker to mybinder.org by [following these steps](http://mybinder-sre.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment/how.html)

## Guidelines to getting a Pull Request merged

> These are not hard rules to be enforced by 🚓 but they are suggestions written by the repo2docker maintainers to make getting your contribution completed a smooth process for you and for them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are not hard rules to be enforced by 🚓 but they are suggestions written by the repo2docker maintainers to make getting your contribution completed and smooth process for you and for them.
```
I think this was the missing word.

Author: Ah - I think we're parsing the sentence differently.

How about:

```suggestion
These are not hard rules to be enforced by 🚓 but they are suggestions written by the repo2docker maintainers to help complete your contribution as smoothly as possible for both you and for them.
```

Reviewer 2: I like it!

Reviewer 2: I like it.

* **Create a PR as early as possible**, marking it with `[WIP]` while you work on it.
  This avoids duplicated work, lets you get high level feedback on functionality or API changes, and/or helps find collaborators to work with you.
* **Keep your PR focused.**
  The best PRs solve one problem.
  If you end up changing multiple things, please open separate PRs for the different conceptual changes.

> * **Add tests your code.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Add tests to your code.**
```

  PRs will not be merged if Travis is failing.
* **Apply [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)** as much as possible, but not too much.
  If in doubt, ask.
* **Use merge commits** instead of merge-by-squashing/-rebasing.
  This makes it easier to find all changes since the last deployment `git log --merges --pretty=format:"%h %<(10,trunc)%an %<(15)%ar %s" <deployed-revision>..` and your PR easier to review.
* **Make it clear when your PR is ready for review.**
  Prefix the title of your pull request (PR) with `[MRG]` if the contribution is complete and should be subjected to a detailed review.
* **Enter your changes into the [changelog](./../../changelog)** in `docs/source/changelog.rst`.
* **Use commit messages to describe _why_ you are proposing the changes you are proposing.**
* **Try to not rush changes** (the definition of rush depends on how big your changes are).
  Remember that everyone in the repo2docker team is a volunteer and we can not (nor would we want to) control their time or interests.

>   Wait patiently for a reviewer to merge the PR.

Reviewer 2: Related to this: the guidelines are for both maintainers and contributors. So the "don't rush" also applies to reviewers, it is meant to remind people that other timezones might be sleeping right now and waiting 24h to give them a chance to see, think and comment is a good way to avoid them being surprised by changes already in master.

In similar fashion: ` * someone else has to merge your PR;` got lost in the move and is (maybe) the only hard rule I am absolutely convinced of enforcing. What do you think about duplicating/splitting the guide into "for contributors" and "for maintainers"? My feeling is that there is too much overlap to make it worth it -> include this in this part of the guide.

Author: Heya! I've added a line on 66 and 92 (just below here). What do you think?

I was trying _not_ to have a separation of contributors and matinainers, for the reason that we discussed somewhere else in this thread - that often they're the _same people_ just wearing different hats.

I think we could built up a guide for reviewers if that seems useful? But my feeling at the moment is that its just another lens on the same information (so I agree with you that there's a lot of overlap).

Reviewer 2: Looks good!
